First Day 1-3 making docker work (windows) was painful. After many days of trouble shooting window users was good to go by the 3rd day.

Jan 17th- We started off the day continuing off last week. Attempting to figure out a way for the nav bar to change when a user logs in/out the nav bar reflects that change showing different options. We can do it currently by refreshing the page but we are trying to make it an automatic change. Riley showed us a cool way to navigate with using {} for logout etc so we dont have to make a list with all of the token.js functions for ex [token,logout] etc. We finally finished the login/signup/logout with a "simple" fix, crazy what one line of code can do. Everyone seems in high spirits too

Jan 18th- Today I will be working on the womens page with Jake, the overall goal today is maybe get the create listings to work and womens page. The filter bar will be worked on today as well for the main page. Things are looking bright it is possible we are done by the end of the week excluding css and deployment.

Jan 19th- Alonso and I have been working on Women's page (finished with 1 type in img to IMG). Now we are currently working on create a listing to work we got the categories to work. Now we are facing with a invalid token error. Update function currently isnt working and now we are working together as 5 to assist on this issue. I'm hoping to get started and build the skeleton of the profile page but im quite nervous cause idk how to approach it. Here goes stress eating lol, but i really do enjoy this groups company. Reassuring and positive group, wouldn't ask for anyone else
